plugins update (#101)
pretix/pretix-docs: docs/guides/payment/stripe.md

Switch to the :btn:Payment providers: tab. 
The Stripe plugin is displayed at the top of the page. 
It should be enabled by default. 
If it is enabled, it will have a green ":fa3-check: Active" tag, a white "Disable" button, and a drop-down menu for settings. 
If it isn't enabled, the tag will be missing and it will have a purple :btn:Enable: button. 
Make sure that the plugin is enabled. 

![Payment settings page. The "payment providers" tab is open, showing a list with the following entries: bank transfer, gift card, PayPal, SEPA debit and Stripe; gift card is enabled and all other entries are disabled. All entires have 'settings' buttons next to them.](../../assets/screens/payment-providers/payment-settings.png "Payment settings" )

You can jump straight to the Stripe settings by clicking the :btn-icon:fa3-gear: Settings: drop-down menu and then :btn:Payment > Stripe:. 

Alternatively, navigate to :navpath:Your Event → Settings → Payment:. 
The :btn:Payment providers: tab on this page displays the list of active payment providers. 

> The list should now include an entry for Stripe with a red ":fontawesome-solid-x: Disabled" tag. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list should now include an entry for Stripe with a red ":fa3-remove: Disabled" tag. 
```
